# CS340
When writing software it is important that developer ensure that their software is maintainable, readable, and adaptable.  This is primarily done by making use of object oriented programming, It allows for developers to segment portions of their code to allow for reuse by other the software they are presently working on or even by software they have yet to create. Following these structure of software development coupled with the use of documentation of functions and their purposes as well as insightful comments ensure all three standards for software are met. I may be able to make use of this python CRUD module in a mongodb database in the future. It has been setup in such a way that the functions are independent of one another and can be easily used by a number of python scripts. 

When approaching a problem, my focus is first and foremost on identifying the requirements of the software being created. It’s imperative as no relevant code can be created on software with no clear goals or specifications.  I would say that my approach to the projects complete in this course were not different in any significant way to other projects I have completed. One of the calming natures of these projects is that the requirements are very much given to me and are intentionally left unambiguous, this truly just leaves me to develop the best code I can to meet the presented requirements. 

Computer scientists take the ideas of their superiors, customers, and each other, and turn those ideas and wants into a cohesive, secure, functional project. This is important as it provides the company who owns the software the intellectual property and or services to sell customers and allowing for revenue generation. It also allows customers to receive products and services that solve problems or pain points them may have in their own lives. A project like this may help the Salvare Company to more expeditiously identify animals that meet certain criteria in their database. They may even been able to license the use of this product to customers to create another revenue stream with the software. 
